hi I'm John Garen from my favorite
right here with my favorite friend clay
has one of the most gifted
players at least in the tri-county area
if you don't count
Ohio Clay's got a new website called
imagine this clay Escom where the offers
online instruction and if you're a
guitar player and you'd like to learn
more and like to learn about bluegrass
music that's the place to go and there's
a link to a place instructional stuff on
our website my favorite guitars calm and
right now we're going to just play a
little bit of a song called the victory
rag for in will feature clay flat pick
in and we'll go back and talk a little
bit about his technique I'm playing a
Clarence white Martin d-28 which is a
wonderful guitar I like it very much
it's got of course the Waverly nickel
Butterbean tuners and it's very
unadorned it's got the large sound hole
which makes it nice and loud red Spears
topping and one in eleven sixteenths
modified V next very very nice guitar
clay is playing my 40 herringbone which
is not for sale at least yet couldn't
keep your eye on that one
in the meantime this is up actually been
read opt but it was a forty d28 the back
and sides are just spectacularly
beautiful and Martin did a wonderful job
on it and I really like their lives will
feature play on this and it's called a
victory iraq and and just talking a
little bit about the instruction stuff
you